# Final script
 Once upon a time there was a tourist named Axel who decided to go to a foreign country alone. He was excited about exploring a new culture and wanted to make some friends on the way, but what he didn't know was that almost no one there spoke english, so the language barrier was a big obstacle. And it happened, Axel came back to Mexico with no new friends from the country, he was sad and disappointed because he couldn't even find some other tourists to at least be with while he was there, so he thought of one thing... "what if there was an app that helped people like me to make some friends on their trip?" he was convinced that it was a great idea, so he got to work and asked some friends to help him make his idea a reality. At first they all wanted to make a software to not only make friends on a trip, but also to be helpful for the tourists, merging all of the trip apps functions into the same app, but then realized that it was really hard and time consuming, so they focused on the find friends feature. 

Once the idea was defined, the team had to choose between all of the agile methodologies to start working. At first they chose Scrum because they thought it would be easier and faster, just to end up realizing that scrum didn’t actually work for them so they switched to design spring, they tried it for the second turn in and stuck with that one for the rest of the project.

Then, the team started making the functional and non-functional requirements, and for the first turn in, they had like a Santa Claus list, there were not too many, but they were just general ones, nothing was specific and there were some requirements that weren’t necessary. So for the second turn in, they modified the requirements, made them more specific, removed some of them such as the function to sign up as a tour guide and also the one that gave step by step directions on how to get to a location. And for the last turn in, they deleted and added some other features, like having message requests and being able to create a new password in case the user forgot the old one.

And finally that’s how the big idea started becoming a reality, after they made sure that the requirements were finished, they started making the prototype, at first they were making it in some editing app, but then they discovered Figma, which was really helpful and easy to use, so they were finally making something after all the documentation that they had to do.

And that’s how we came up with our software “TuriAmigos”, it’s an app to make friends while going on trips, you just have to turn on the radar option and there will show up some profiles of tourists that are near you, you can check them and even send them a message request, so you both can hang out sometime during the trip by sending a location to meet up with them and not only can you hang out with them, but also rate them as app users and leave them some comments about the time you spent together so other people can know about the user experience.